so guys at the end that always again
in the next replay moment the map must
make bigger
a meeting program of the jdf of the sb
i wanted with his wz 131 light takes
also museums the thing that we one
chosen to be written as he has
module pieznetzen the scissors
Optics inside will be the biggest engine and
built-in tower but not the top way
because he finds that too long
recharges for a 100 scout crew
percent with addition to repair and
camouflage sixth are unfortunately not yet
everything looks good we'll see something
going off here
You have a gold fire extinguisher
I hate the map but here in the forest na
that is so I think it's good that he
at least so there are very few each
Immediately wanting to scandalously scout
awful
comes with deeper
there is still a tiger quite hfk
Panther 2 and the catch one is likely
doing great business more
KINGSTIGER now also happens
even one now had a critical start
seemed to be revealed now
luck had therefore fast literally
Very fast the area knows very well too
ever to co
the tiger also before I'm curious
He is a Lion King hunting
panda and tea 32
he gives us that politician's time here
away tiger two burns everything is clear
also the second cashed away
but it through
very off by the vehicle
beautiful
Licking probably starts snapping
or baptized kings
cars 9.20 at lively is on the way
47 if it does not see the 47 passes
Tank bz 131 of the Chinese
exciting but what
Nice thinking hunter 2 is actually
now also with billets could
beautiful
they are bad in this one
bad
and he definitely has the top gun
because he wants to stop that will
then load it too fast
there's something else
10 3
There in the forest so much is decided
I can because every time noticed now
the last ones already played in the woods and
on the map because every model is
alone was forgotten as a businessman
and then as a tank alone brings yes
also nothing because of city ​​use people
then have the firepower at it
it can be nice in there was nice here
had to crashed forest and some
fire uncovered cameras good pure
maybe the art is on it
directed and also so many people behind
perfect
drive faster
believed
finished nice thing
after trainer 21
that also quickly sees that things
bad
five finals beautiful game jo 1204
hurt had written that one
panzer us got and at the top
clearly in the list has become
probably a lot of damage
get informed
Here was nice to see the wz 131 like
said that an animal suffering seven panzer
Tank of the Chinese
thank you for inventing ripley sb
and I pay
we'll be watching the next replay again
Thank you for watching